Specific use-case: adding packages via requirements.txt in compose (#29598)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/howto/docker-compose/index.rst

Examples of how you can extend the image with custom providers, python packages,
apt packages and more can be found in :doc:`Building the image <docker-stack:build>`.

Special case - adding dependencies via requirements.txt file
============================================================

Usual case for custom images, is when you want to add a set of requirements to it - usually stored in
``requirements.txt`` file. For development, you might be tempted to add it dynamically when you are
starting the original airflow image, but this has a number of side effects (for example your containers

> will start much slower - the slower you have a number of requirements). Also it is completely unnecessary,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will start much slower - each additional dependency will further delay your containers start up time). Also it is completely unnecessary,
```

0r something like this to keep the original structure:
”the more requirements you have, the slower it will get”
